un Secretary General Antonio gutiz said
the entire population of Gaza is
enduring destruction unparalleled in
recent history 2.2 million Palestinians
in Gaza face inhumane squalid conditions
struggling to Simply make it through
another day without proper shelter
heating sanitary facilities food and
drinking water speaking to the council
Riyad Maliki the Palestinian Minister of
Foreign Affairs reminded the council
that the overwhelming majority of the
world has called for an end to Israel's
bombardment of Gaza on one side there is
the will of the International Community
and on the other side the whims of an
Israeli Prime Minister driven by single
goal his own political survival at the
expense of the survival of millions of
Palestinians under Israel's illegal
occupation but Israel continues to
reject a ceasefire what do you think
will happen if there is a ceasefire I
will tell you what will happen Kamas
will remain in power they will regroup
and rearm and soon Israelis will face
another attempted Holocaust several
foreign ministers came to New York to
speak at the meeting a sign of growing
urgency to call for an end to the war in
the face of Security Council in
action the Israeli aggression on Gaza
has lasted for far too long it has
massacred far too many
lives we are seriously concerned with
the reports that Israel's war crimes in
Gaza May amount to genocide it's clear
more needs to be done to help the people
of Gaza and for the UN that job Falls to
seagd Cog the humanitarian and
reconstruction coordinator for Gaza
appointed by the Secretary General in
late December she has a very difficult
task ahead as she saw firsthand on
Tuesday when she briefly visited
Southern Gaza but could only stay for a
few hours due to the difficult security
situation primarily caused by Israel's
bombardment Gabriel oando Al jazer at
the United Nations in New
York make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer